The simulation starts at the begining of the pandemic.
The goal of the simulation and its layout are explained to the player.
Player presses on "Start".

Week 0
Different information on the new virus from news channels and social media report it to be in France, which has caused some deaths.
Player chooses to make face masks mandatory without discrimination.

Week 1
Confirmed cases and death cases are still rising.
Player decides to make hand sanitisers mandatory for all in all public and work places aswell as for social distancing.

Week 2
Some false claims on sanitary mandatories are reported by social media.
Confirmed cases and death cases rise even more.
Player ignores fake information, decides to put everyone in confinement and to close schools and all work places besides those deemed essential.
Trust decreases.
Sanity decreases.

Week 3
Confirmed and death cases continue to rise.
Player does not make any changes.
Trust decreases.
Sanity decreases.

Week 4
Confirmed and death cases start to slow down.
Player announces deconfinement in the coming weeks.
Sanity decreases less.

Week 5
Confirmed and death cases slowed down significantly.
Player deconfines everyone but elders and keeps closed places closed (no school and no non-essential activity). In addition, installs a tight curfew.
Trust increases a bit.
Sanity decreases a bit.

Week 6
Confirmed and death cases slowed down.
Player does not make any changes.
Trust decreases a bit.
Sanity decreases a bit.

Week 7
Information reports of a vaccine ready for next week.
Confirmed and death cases slowed down.
Player does not make any changes.
Trust decreases a bit.
Sanity decreases.

Week 8
Social media spreads false information on the vaccine.
Confirmed and death cases slowed down.
Player decides to takkle false claims, deconfines everyone, opens schools (but not non-essential activities) and makes vaccination mandatory with a vaccination pass for everyone except children.
Trust decreases not so much.
Sanity decreases slightly.

Week 9
News channel misinformes the public on the vaccine.
Confirmed cases start to slightly rise.
Player engages on the misinformation, ends curfew and opens non-essential work places.

Week 10
Confirmed cases are on the rise and death cases start to slightly rise.
<TODO>

